---
title: 'Deploying the PPO Deep Learning Model on Orange Pi 5 (RK3588s) utilizing RKNN'
date: 2024-08-16
permalink: /posts/2024/08/blog-post/
tags:
  - Proximal Policy Optimization
  - Reinforcement Learning
  - RK3588
---
<style>
.myDiv {
  text-align: justify;  
}
</style>


<body>
  <div class="myDiv">
Deep learning is still going strong, and many enthusiasts use tools like PyTorch on Windows to train and validate their models. For some, reaching the validation stage is the end goal, but others want to take things further and deploy their models on embedded devices. There are two popular approaches to do this:

Embedded Device to PC and Back: In this setup, data from the embedded device is sent to a Windows PC where it’s processed and the results are sent back to the embedded device. This method takes advantage of the powerful processing capabilities of Windows, making it great for tasks like image classification or recognition. However, the downside is that data transmission can introduce delays, which might not be acceptable for applications requiring real-time responses.

Deploy Directly on the Embedded Device: Here, the model is deployed directly on the embedded device, allowing for real-time inference. This method ensures quicker responses but requires the device to have sufficient computational power and familiarity with the device’s APIs. It's ideal for smaller networks and applications where real-time performance is crucial.

In this blog, we’ll walk through how to use the RKNN C API to deploy a simple Proximal Policy Optimization (PPO) model on an Orange Pi 5, and set up a complete process for inference and control.
  </div>
</body>

